# Polygon zardkat
This is one of the most effective methods for demonstrating to another person (the verifier) that a statement is accurate without giving any specific information about the statement itself.The zkEVM is one of the technologies they've been working on.
The zkEVM is a layer 2 scaling solution designed to increase the scalability and efficiency of Ethereum-based decentralized applications (DApps). To accomplish this, it integrates techniques from zero-knowledge proofs and the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).


## Steps
After cloning the github, you will want to do the following to get the code running on your computer.
1. Inside the project directory, in the terminal type: npm i
2. After that create .env file and set PRIVATE_KEY of [Metamask](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn)
3. In the terminal type: npx hardhat circom
   This will generate the **out** file with circuit intermediaries and geneate the **MultiplierVerifier.sol** contract
4. Then type: npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts --network mumbai

### Compile
`npx hardhat circom` 
This will generate the **out** file with circuit intermediaries and geneate the **MultiplierVerifier.sol** contract

### Prove and Deploy
`npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts --network <network_name>`
This script does 4 things  
1. Deploys the MultiplierVerifier.sol contract
2. Generates a proof from circuit intermediaries with `generateProof()`
3. Generates calldata with `generateCallData()`
4. Calls `verifyProof()` on the verifier contract with calldata

With two commands you can compile a ZKP, generate a proof, deploy a verifier, and verify the proof 🎉

## Configuration
### Directory Structure
**circuits**
```
├── multiplier
│   ├── circuit.circom
│   ├── input.json
│   └── out
│       ├── circuit.wasm
│       ├── multiplier.r1cs
│       ├── multiplier.vkey
│       └── multiplier.zkey
├── new-circuit
└── powersOfTau28_hez_final_12.ptau
```
Every new circuit has its own directory. The circom circuit and input to the circuit are located at the top level of each circuit directory.
The **out** directory will be created automatically and will contain the compiled outputs, keys, and proofs. The Powers of Tau file is derived from the Polygon Hermez ceremony, which saves time by eliminating the requirement for a new ceremony. 


**contracts**
```
contracts
└── MultiplierVerifier.sol
```
Verifier contracts are autogenerated and prefixed by the circuit name, in this example **Multiplier**


**adding circuits**   
To add a new circuit, you can run the `newcircuit` hardhat task to autogenerate configuration and directories i.e  
```
npx hardhat newcircuit --name newcircuit
```
